Week 4 was not only packed full of information regarding SCSS and the Model,View, Control interaction.
But, there was something interesting that I picked up on which was a theme that intertwined throughout the week.
My presumption is that my instructor and the rest of the instructors had this in mind as an intented exercise, but 
may it is simply a connection I have made for myself...either way it really doesn't matter as long as truth can be 
gained or insight rather.
We had the marshmallow exercise in our group "huddle" which proved to be not only challenging but extremely fun.
It was interesting to see how the 4 ppl that were in my group handled the situation.

Not necessarily completely used, but certainly employed none the less.  With the goal being: to get the marshmallow 
as high as we could using the materials provided.  t was frustrating for me b/c I had immediate ideas on what to do...
I knew, for one, that all the material was intended to to be used.  But, everyone wanted to move on, so we did,,,
it was killing me. But in the end we managed to not use and still built a fairly formidable structure of pasta, 
tape, etc. basically everything but the string. It seemed important to put the marshmallow on the pasta to see how 
much would be needed to hold it up. The group debated over the order, nah the shape of the stucture. I voted that 
triangles or pyramids would work best. and that string....what to do with the string.  The whole thing was pretty 
frustrating..b/c I had to fight the urge to insist and waste time trying to convince others why it would be best to 
try this or that...finally it was almost as if we were all working parallel but apart. As the clock ran down we made 
some last minute adjustments but STILL
didn't address the string..fast forward..we lost..well ours broke lets say...turns out the string was the key as it
would've been able to take a lot of the pressure off of the 2 strands of spaghetti holding the entire weight of the 
top-heavy bulbous marshmallow.
Anyway what followed was a discussion about the iterative process.  Basically, we should have worked backwards trying 
different iterations of the same design. I understand this intimately mostly b/c of music..writing songs..and painting.
I always use the example of a great work of art like the Women of Arles by Picasso...I rhetorically ask, do you think
that he just came up with this idea, attempted to execute it once, and immediately have it born in a state of 
completion and perfection....?? the answer of course is "no".. for every great work of art there are at least several 
if not hundreds of iterations that never made it on to the permanent canvas or final master tape.
So, from there, we back track to lecture, which again, was about the iterative processes...and it was a very good one.
and one that I could add to ....
Even our HW reflected this concept to a degree, which of course, I know was intentional, but I was confused hearing 
from some others asking what the connection was or why this is important to learn...Anything that you do that requres 
a creative process or problem solving aspects should be, and most likely will naturally be, put through an iterative 
process. To cap it off, Anjana Mohanty, VP of Product at Shoeboxed came to speak with us about AGILE, and again, the
idea of the iterative process was woven throughout.  It was actually quite an inspiring day and maybe one of my best days
at the Iron Yard thus far.
