JOURNAL WEEK 2 FINAL VERSION
PLEASE READ AND REVIEW

MONDAY LABOR DAY
I usually prefer to write long hand when I'm writing more steam of conciousness, 
like this or any journal. So I am copying these from the original entries in my notebook.
The Iron Yard
week 2 yikes
It is ...
where I'm spending most of my weekends, It's the first thing I think about in the morning. And definitely 
some of the mornings last week met me with a "stunned" feeling. Taking in even more information. I feel like 
I am catching up. It is ver frustrating that I have had such a hard time NOT getting scattered while working 
with the old github. Today was a different type of day for obvious reasons but I'm using the time to go through 
more exercises.

TUESDAY
Today we were back at it. David was back from moving his family from Florida. 
I am feeling better about things. It reminds me of when I moved to spain when I was 17. 
Basically, it took me only one night out trying to communicate with ppl at a bar, 
to realize that all the years prior I had taken self expression for granted. It took me a couple of weeks 
before I felt natural about communicating and not contemplating every word. It was a microcosmic version of 
this or vice versa. I would spend so much time struggling for the perfect or acurate word instead of putting 
more energy into thoroughly conveying my meaning and keeping that as the main goal. It WILL happen with this too but It needs to be a lot sooner.

WEDNESDAY
I'm definitely having some issue with understanding how to setup for these assignments. I need to step back 
and get a larger perspective from time to time. IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT I TRY EVERY SECTION AND DRILL THE GIT 
STATUS, GIT ADD, GIT COMMIT, GIT PUSH, and make sure It is actually going where it is supposed to. Wrote my 
Instructor to apologize for being late and I accidentally posted it on the FEE channel so everyone saw it or 
rather everyone could have seen it. Oy. smooth move.lol...And if that wasn't enough I said the words no one should
say when you are pledging to never let some infraction take place again: "I will NEVER let this happen again. 
That always seems to send an event trigger to the karmic universe, which is then heard by an event listener,
which then signals the universe to actually make that very thing that you DIDNT want to happen....happen. and I 
meanreally happen: I wasn't late...I missed the WHOLE lecture...
lol

THURSDAY
..And if that wasn't enough..in that very IM,  I wrote the words no one should
ever write or say when you are pledging to never let some infraction take place again: "I will NEVER let this happen again. 
That always seems to send an event trigger to the karmic universe, which is then heard by an event listener,
which then signals the universe to actually make that very thing that you DIDNT want to happen....happen. and I mean
really happen: I wasn't late...I missed the WHOLE lecture...
lol
it was a pretty horrible day all around. Well except for one thing.So...as it goes I wake up and my car is DEAD....
DEAD..battery? starter?. He was actually a nice guy...but it took him forever to realize it was my starter..so now I had to get 
it repaired...I decided to study at least while I was waiting.
AND I still needed to get my plates!...I've been driving to school everyday with my title and tags narrowly 
avoiding a ticket....Anyway I made it in...I was pretty certain my Instructor was going to write me off 
completely or just be so irritated that he would just not even look at me...even though it could've have happened 
to anyone.....it didn't it happened to me!!! only one day after pissing him off for being 2 minutes tardy. 
I had to face the music and walk in there take my lumps, and move on...but something else happened 
he gave me a supportive sorta hug/slap on the back..like a coach would...it's all I needed to get back in the 
rhythm ..maybe he figured that after all that it would be the last thing to literally break me..lol Anyway it 
was really really cool. He didn't say another word about it and neither did I but you better believe I was early 
on Friday.
It really gave me the extra boost I need.  I just have to continue to not got so easily thrown by some of this.
I really do an excellent job of making it more difficult than it needs to be.
I do like the style of instruction and I think everyone in the class is really bright. I'm sure I'll get to know 
them better. I need to remember that creating the app was fun, working in the graphic art dept at orion and at Star Candle
in bklyn was fun. fun becuase we were all learning together. anyway I'm really happy we are transitioning into 
the more dynamic part of web design.. 

FRIDAY
Felt better today about HW but I am really struggling with GitHub..I need to ask David to help me. 
I really think thats my biggest problem at this point. I was really proud of my Right Mind Set essay but 
I don't think anyone ever read it...I may put it in my iron yard dedicated twitter feed/
(Jump Ahead between David and Jon I finally got it and things should improve from here on out..at least as far as setting
up for assignments etc.)
Either way, I'm definitely not one to give up...and not everything you enjoy or want to learn is going to come
naturally....it's all work..and I'm always willing to work.
It'll get better.



